444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.


In today's society, computer has become the important part of public life.The computer has a significant influence on social and economic.
First, the computer network makes the change of social economic form, thus promote the progress of human society.
Computer and network times were the main elements of information,
from the original human language information is passed to the later of the words and words of records,
such as different ways of information exchange network information until today.
People more clearly aware of the computer for the influence of human society.
The rapid development of computer network has given rise to a new economic form, network economy,
and with the further direction of computer development driver development of network economy.
The fashionable and popular network Economy or network Economics, in terms of its contents, 
actual it is the Internet Economy  Internet or Internet Economics
, it is a kind of specific information or the Economics of information network,
the network Economy refers to the economic activities through the network.
The network economy is the inevitable result of economic network,
it is closely connected with electronic commerce network industry,
both in network trade, network bank, network companies and other business activities,
and including network infrastructure, network equipment and products,
as well as various network service Suggestions, 
such as production and provide economic activity.
Nowadays, almost everyone has a computer, the computer too much information, in the process of the information transmission
, will contain some is not suitable for people of different ages information mixed among them.Of course,
in this era of information explosion, people will also be able to know very much originally difficult to come into contact with something.
Digital computing will be helpful in fighting poverty ,it has a lot of opportunity can make people out of poverty.
Even as long as able to seize the opportunity to become a member of the rich is not out of the question.
